Beta documentation for Consistent Reads from Cache (#46912)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts.md

Most recent
: Return data at the most recent resource version. The returned data must be
  consistent (in detail: served from etcd via a quorum read).
  For etcd v3.4.31+ and v3.5.13+ Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} serves “most recent” reads from the _watch cache_:
  an internal, in-memory store within the API server that caches and mirrors the state of data
  persisted into etcd. Kubernetes requests progress notification to maintain cache consistency against

>   the etcd persistence layer. Kubernetes versions v1.28 through to v1.30 also supported this

Author: @sftim Don't know if we want to mentioned this feature pre v1.31, it was in alpha state and proven to be very buggy.

Reviewer: Let's write something, even if we caveat it (eg to say that using the alpha feature is not recommended). Assume that the reader has never heard of a watch cache and is running an older version; if we are mute on the topic, they might enable the (alpha) feature gate in their cluster and see what happens.

Author: Done

Most recent
: Return data at the most recent resource version. The returned data must be
  consistent (in detail: served from etcd via a quorum read).

>   In newer Kubernetes versions (v1.28+),
>   a feature called "consistent reads from cache" is introduced (enabled by default in v1.31+),
>   requiring a newer etcd version (v3.4.33+ or v3.5.13+).
>   This allows the API server to serve some consistent reads directly from its watch cache,
>   a faster in-memory store that mirrors the state of etcd,
>   significantly improving the performance of list requests while maintaining
>   consistency guarantees when the cache is sufficiently up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} serves “most recent” reads from the _watch cache_:
  an internal, in-memory store within the API server that caches and mirrors the state of data
  persisted into etcd. Kubernetes uses etcd features to maintain cache consistency against 
  the etcd persistence layer. Kubernetes versions v1.28 through to v1.30 also supported this
  feature, although it was not enabled by default until the v1.31 release.
```

I've framed this to be [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation); if we leave this in beta for the next 5 releases, the docs stay correct.

Author: Rewrote it a little, please take another look.
